Clarify that the scaffolding process does not generate a working test (#99)
mulesoft/docs-munit: modules/ROOT/pages/munit-scaffold-test-task.adoc

> include::_attributes.adoc[]

Reviewer: Tiny copyedit: lowercase "from" in topic title.

Reviewer: Perhaps the audience confusion is coming from the title: Scaffold a Test?
Does that imply that this task is actually creating that test, rather than creating a template for writing the test?
Maybe the term "scaffold" isn't as apparent to our audience as we think?

endif::[]

You can use APIKit to automatically generate an empty structure for an MUnit test suite based on your API specification.

> This process does not generate a functional implementation of a test. It is meant to make it easier for you to start writing an MUnit test.

Reviewer: This text is perfect. But I wonder if simpler might provide a necessary emphasis?
```suggestion
Using APIKit does not generate a test, but it helps you to start writing one.
```

> Your Mule project must be generated using APIKit.

Reviewer: I don't understand how generating your Mule "project" relates to generating a test or using APIKit to start writing the test. Can you clarify?
Maybe this info about the project belongs before the specifics of writing the test?
Or maybe the steps need a specific intro so they are not confused with generating the project?

. Find the APIKit Router in your project and right click on it.
. Select *Create Test Suite For Project From RAML*.

> APIkit automatically scaffolds an empty MUnit test suite based on the endpoints described on your API definition.

Reviewer: This repeats the intro, and reiterates the purpose of the task, which we typically assume is successful.

What do you think of this?

"Because your Mule project is generated using APIKit, you can use APIKit to automatically scaffold (create a template of) an empty MUnit test suite, based on the endpoints described in your API definition. Scaffolding does not generate the test itself, but generates a tool to help you start writing the test.
"To create this empty test suite:
"1. Locate and right-click the APIKit router in your project.
"2. Select  *Create Test Suite For Project From RAML*.
<and here describe how the user views or accesses the empty suite and state that the user can begin filling it with...values? specifications? to create the actual test>
